"I almost died!" - Simpsons 
"That's not a tool,thats a damn brick" - Gone In 60 Seconds
"Bart, with $10,000, we'd be millionaires! We could buy all kinds of useful things like...love!" - Simpsons
"Unfortunately, son, we Simpsons sometimes have to bend the rules a little in order to hold our own" - Simpsons
"You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is 'never try'" - Simpsons
"You can't get there from here.  Well you can, it just won't be fun" - Unknown
"Sometimes the perfect person for you is the one you least expect" - Unknown
"To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world" - Unknown
"Always love your enemies - nothing annoys them so much" - Oscar Wilde
"Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast - you also miss the sense of where you are going and why" - Eddie Canto
"Write injuries in sand, kindnesses in marble" - French Proverb
"He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else" - Benjamin Franklin
"Have you ever noticed? Anybody going slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac" - George Carlin
"Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for" - Unknown
"Happiness is like a cat. If you try to coax it or call it, it will avoid you. It will never come. But if you pay no attention to it and go about your business, you'll find it rubbing up against your legs and jumping into your lap" - William Bennett
"When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters - one represents danger, and the other represents opportunity" - Saul David Alinsky
"Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today" - James Dean
"When the only tool you have is a hammer, all problems begin to resemble nails" - Abraham Maslow
"Winning takes talent, to repeat takes character" - John Wooden
"Character is doing the right thing when nobody is looking" - J. C. Watts
"A day without laughter is a day wasted" - Charlie Chaplin
"Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy" - Thich Nhat Hanh
"You can make more friends in two months by becoming more interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get people interested in you" - Dale Carnegie
"I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority" - E.B. White
"The universe is made of stories, not of atoms" - Muriel Rukeyser
"Love means to love that which is unloveable. Otherwise it is no virtue at all" - G.K. Chesterton
"Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate" - Thomas Jones
"Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage - to move in the opposite direction" - E. F. Schumacher
"From the moment I picked up your book until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it" - Groucho Marx
"All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me ... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you" - Walt Disney
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in awhile, you could miss it" - Ferris Bueller's Day Off
"Experience is one thing you can't get for nothing" - Oscar Wilde
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the ones you did do ... Explore. Dream. Discover" - Mark Twain
"Ring the bells that still can ring. Forget your perfect offering. There is a crack in everything. That's how the light gets in" - Leonard Cohen
"We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements of life, when all that we need to make us happy is something to be enthusiastic about" - Charles Kingsley
"We know what happens to people who stay in the middle of the road. They get run over" - Aneurin Bevan (1897)
"Time is the most valuable coin in your life. You and you alone will determine how that coin will be spent. Be careful that you do not let other people spend it for you" - Carl Sandberg
"Painting is poetry which is seen and not heard, and poetry is a painting which is heard and not seen" - Leonardo Da Vinci
"Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone, you may still exist, but you have ceased to live" - Mark Twain
"There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum" - Arthur C. Clarke
"My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch" - Jack Nicholson 
"A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation" - Saki (1870 - 1916)
"People who say they sleep like a baby usually don't have one" - Leo J. Burke
"If high heels were so wonderful, men would be wearing them" - Sue Grafton
"I searched through rebellion, drugs, diets, mysticism, religions, intellectualism and much more, only to begin to find that truth is basically simple - and feels good, clean and right" - Chick Corea
"640K ought to be enough for anybody" - Bill Gates
"When choosing between two evils I always like to take the one I've never tried before" - Mae West
"Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I will not forget you" - William Arthur Ward
"Ah, yes, divorce..., from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man's genitals through his wallet" - Robin Williams 
"A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms" - George Wald
"For four-fifths of our history, our planet was populated by pond scum" - J.W. Schopf
"A mind that has been stretched will never return to its original dimension" - Albert Einstein
"It is better to be quotable than to be honest" - Tom Stoppard
"I'm all in favour of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let's start with typewriters" - Solomon Short
"Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes" - Oscar Wilde
"According to a new survey, women say they feel more comfortable undressing in front of men than they do undressing in front of other women. They say that women are too judgmental, whereas, of course, men are just grateful" - Robert De Niro 
"Irrigation of the land with seawater desalinated by fusion power is ancient. It's called 'rain'" - Michael McClary
"We had gay burglars the other night. They broke in and rearranged the furniture" - Robin Williams 
"She wanted something to happen - something, anything: she did not know what" - Kate Chopin
"The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animal" - H. L. Mencken (1880 - 1956)
"Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place" - Billy Crystal 
"Only as you do know yourself can your brain serve you as a sharp and efficient tool. Know your own failings, passions, and prejudices so you can separate them from what you see" - Bernard M. Baruch
"The only time to buy these is on a day with no 'y' in it" - Warren Buffett
"Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same" - Oscar Wilde
"Treat all disasters as if they were trivialities but never treat a triviality as if it were a disaster" - Quentin Crisp
"Unless man is committed to the belief that all mankind are his brothers, then he labors in vain and hypocritically in the vineyards of equality" - Adam Clayton Powell Jr.
"Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told, 'I'm with you kid. Let's go.'" - Maya Angelou 
"Truth is so great a perfection, that if God would render himself visible to men, he would choose light for his body and truth for his soul" - Pythagorus
"Friendship based solely upon gratitude is like a photograph; with time it fades" - Carmen Sylva
"I talk and talk and talk, and I haven't taught people in 50 years what my father taught by example in one week" - Mario M. Cuomo
"An empowered organization is one in which individuals have the knowledge, skill, desire, and opportunity to personally succeed in a way that leads to collective organizational success" - M. Shawn Covey
"Isn't it surprising how many things, if not said immediately, seem not worth saying ten minutes from now?" - Arnot L. Sheppard Jr.        
"How often misused words generate misleading thoughts" - Herbert Spencer (1820 - 1903)
"This is the true joy in life - being used for a purpose recognized by yourself as a mighty one; being thoroughly worn out before you are thrown on the scrap heap; being a force of nature instead of a feverish selfish little clod of ailments and grievances" - George Bernard Shaw (1856 - 1950)
"Think where man's glory most begins and ends, And say my glory was I had such friends" - William Butler Yeats (1865 - 1939)        
"Most success springs from an obstacle or failure. I became a cartoonist largely because I failed in my goal of becoming a successful executive" - Scott Adams
"Nature never says one thing, Wisdom another" - Juvenal (AD 60? - 140?)
"And life is what we make it, always has been and always will be" - Grandma Moses
"Many things in life will catch your eye but few will catch your heart... Pursue those" - Unknown
"Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being" - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The penalty of success is to be bored by the attentions of people who formerly snubbed you" - M. W. Little
"You always smile but in your eyes your sorrow shows" - William Peter Horn
"One must still have chaos in oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star" - Friedrich Neitzsche
"For this generation, ours, life is nuclear survival, liberty is human rights, the pursuit of happiness is a planet whose resources are devoted to the physical and spiritual nourishment of its inhabitants" - James Earl 'Jimmy' Carter, Jr
"Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luck, a good physique and not too much imagination" - Christopher William Bradshaw Isherwood (1904 - 86)
"From quiet homes and first beginning, Out to the undiscovered ends, There's nothing worth the wear of winning, But laughter and the love of friends" - Hilaire Belloc (1870 - 1953)
"The deeper the sorrow the less tongue it hath" - The Talmud (BC 500 - 400 AD)
"You wake up in the morning, and your purse is magically filled with twenty-four hours of unmanufactured tissue of the universe of your life! It is yours. It is the most precious of possessions. No one can take it from you. And no one receives either more or less than you receive" - Thomas Arnold Bennett
"Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo" - H. G. Wells (1866 - 1946)
"Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever" - Napoleon Bonaparte (1769 - 1821) 
"Victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake" - Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower (1887 - 1956) 
"Don't be so humble - you are not that great" - Golda Meir (1898 - 1978) 
"His ignorance is encyclopedic" - Abba Eban (1915 - 2002) 
"If a man does his best, what else is there?" - General George S. Patton (1885 - 1945) 
"I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write faster than anybody who can write better" - A. J. Liebling (1904 - 1963) 
"People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid" - Soren Aabye Kierkegaard (1813 - 1855) 
"Give me chastity and continence, but not yet" - Saint Augustine (354-430)
"Who will, can; Who tries, does; and Who loves, lives" - Anne McCaffrey
"Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted" - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955) 
"A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on" - Sir Winston Churchill (1874 - 1965) 
"One of the best, beautiful qualities in a true friendship is to be understood" - Seneca
"I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to dance better than myself" - Mikhail Baryshnikov
"I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use" - Galileo Galilei 
"The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work" - Emile Zola (1840 - 1902) 
"This book fills a much-needed gap" - Moses Hadas (1900 - 1966) 
"The full use of your powers along lines of excellence" - John F. Kennedy (1917 - 1963) 
"I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart" - E. E. Cummings (1894 - 1962) 
"Give me a museum and I'll fill it" - Pablo Picasso (1881 - 1973) 
"It is the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has" - Henry Ward Beecher (1813 - 1887)
"In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is" - Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut 
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have" - Thomas Jefferson (1743 - 1826) 
"Each problem that I solved became a rule which served afterwards to solve other problems" - Rene Descartes (1596 - 1650)
"Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right" - Henry Ford (1863 - 1947) 
"Do, or do not. There is no 'try'" - Yoda
"The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it" - Oscar Wilde (1854 - 1900) 
"Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed" - George Burns (1896 - 1996)
"I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves" - Ludwig Wittgenstein (1889 - 1951)
"The hard part about being a bartender is figuring out who is drunk and who is just stupid" - Richard Braunstein
"A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems" - Paul Erdos
"Friendship is the only thing in this world, the usefulness of which all mankind are in agreement" - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel" - Mary Kay Ash
"The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad" - Salvador Dali (1904 - 1989)
"Too bad that all the people who know how to run the country are driving taxi cabs and cutting hair" - George Burns
"Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind" - Bertrand Russell
"Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there" - Will Rogers
"They say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad that I'm going to miss mine by just a few days" - Garrison Keilor
"If you can't get rid of the skeleton in your closet, you'd best teach it to dance" - George Bernard Shaw (1856 - 1950)
"But at my back I always hear Time's winged chariot hurrying near" - Andrew Marvell (1621 - 1678)
"Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws" - Plato (427 - 347 BC)
"The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it" - George Bernard Shaw (1856 - 1950)
"I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world" - Albert Einstein
"Whenever I climb I am followed by a dog called 'Ego'" - Friedrich Nietzsche (1844 - 1900)
"We have art to save ourselves from the truth" - Friedrich Nietzsche (1844 - 1900)
"My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment" - Oprah Winfrey
"99% of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses" - George Washington Carver
"Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake" - Napoleon Bonaparte (1769 - 1821)
"Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe" - H. G. Wells (1866 - 1946)
"Talent does what it can; genius does what it must" - Edward George Bulwer-Lytton (1803 - 1873)
"The difference between 'involvement' and 'commitment' is like an eggs-and-ham breakfast: the chicken was 'involved' - the pig was 'committed'" - unknown
"If you are going through hell, keep going" - Sir Winston Churchill (1874 - 1965)
"Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go" - Oscar Wilde (1854 - 1900)
"God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh" - Voltaire (1694 - 1778)
"One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries" - A.A. Milne
"He is one of those people who would be enormously improved by death" - H. H. Munro (1870 - 1916)
"I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter" - Sir Winston Churchill (1874 - 1965)
"I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them" - Ian L. Fleming (1908 - 1964)
"If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars" - J. Paul Getty (1892 - 1976)
"Facts are the enemy of truth" - Don Quixote
"Life is what happens while you are making other plans" - John Lennon
"When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. That's relativity" - Albert Einstein
"When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world" - George Washington Carver (1864 - 1943)
"How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself" - Anais Nin (1903 - 1977)
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work" - Thomas Alva Edison (1847 - 1931)
"I begin by taking. I shall find scholars later to demonstrate my perfect right" - Frederick (II) the Great
"Maybe this world is another planet's Hell" - Aldous Huxley (1894 - 1963)
"Blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact" - George Eliot (1819 - 1880)
"Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth" - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (1859 - 1930)
"If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut." - Albert Einstein
"Imagination is more important than knowledge." - Albert Einstein
"The only real valuable thing is intuition." - Albert Einstein
"Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character." - Albert Einstein
"Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing." - Albert Einstein
"Science without religion is lame. Religion without science is blind." - Albert Einstein
"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." - Albert Einstein
"The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources." - Albert Einstein
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein
"The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing." - Albert Einstein
"Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts." (Sign hanging in Einstein's office at Princeton) - Albert Einstein
"Some minds are like concrete, thoroughly mixed up and permanently set." (Denny Brake)
"Humility is nothing to be proud of" - Anon
"He who snores the loudest will fall asleep first" - Anon
"Smile and the world smiles with you - snore and you sleep alone" - Anon
"Tell me and I forget. Show me and I remember. Involve me and I understand." - Chinese saying
"The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong, it usually turns out to be impossible to get at and repair." - Douglas Adams
Intuition (n): an uncanny sixth sense which tells people that they are right, whether they are or not.
"By three methods we may learn wisdom:  First, by reflection, which is noblest;  Second, by imitation, which is easiest;  and third by experience, which is the bitterest. - Confucius
Dictatorship (n): a form of government under which everything which is not prohibited is compulsory.
"Laws are the spider's webs which, if anything small falls into them they ensnare it, but large things break through and escape. -Solon, statesman (c.638-c558 BC)
"Progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things. - Robert A. Heinlein
"Man's most valuable trait is a judicious sense of what not to believe." - Euripides
"When you have robbed a man of everything, he is no longer in your power. He is free again." - Alexander Solzhenitsyn
"Only someone who understands something absolutely can explain it so no one else can understand it." - Rudnicki's Nobel Prize Principle
"Useless laws weaken necessary laws" - Charles de Secondat, Baron de Montesquieu
"Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort" - John Ruskin
"Advertising (n): the science of arresting the human intelligence for long enough to get money from it" - Stephen Leacock
"Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something" - Plato (427?-347? BC)
"Science may have found a cure for most evils; but it has found no remedy for the worst of them all- the apathy of human beings" - Helen Keller
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic" - Arthur C. Clarke
"There are two types of people in this world, good and bad. The good sleep better, but the  bad seem to enjoy the waking hours much more" - Woody Allen
"A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life" -Charles Robert Darwin (1809-82)
"Nobody knows the age of the human race, but everybody agrees that it is old enough to know better." -Matt Blaisdell
"The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men" - Plato (427?-347? BC)
"Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish." - John Quincy Adams
"We want the facts to fit the preconceptions. When they don't, it is easier to ignore the facts than to change the preconceptions" - Jessamyn West
"People are more violently opposed to fur than leather, because it's safer to pick on rich women than biker gangs" - Lenny Schafer
"Drinking removes warts and dimples. Not from me, but from those I look at." - Jackie Gleason
"If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?" - Albert Einstein
"The absence of alternatives clears the mind marvelously." - Henry Kissinger
"Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen" - Albert Einstein
"The world is moved along not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker" - Helen Keller
"He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I know" - Abraham Lincoln
"I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But, this wasn't it" - Groucho Marx
"He has the attention span of a lightning bolt" - Robert Redford
"They never open their mouths without subtracting from the sum of human knowledge" - Thomas Brackett Reed
"I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying  I approved of it" - Mark Twain
"Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go" - Oscar Wilde
"He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends" - Oscar Wilde
"He is a self-made man & worships his creator."  - John Bright
"He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire."  - Winston Churchill
"A modest little person, with much to be modest about."  - Winston Churchill
"I've just learned about his illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial."  - Irvin S. Cobb
"I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure." - Clarence Darrow
"He had delusions of adequacy." - Walter Kerr
"There's nothing wrong with you that reincarnation won't cure." - Jack E. Leonard
"He has Van Gogh's ear for music." - Billy Wilder
"This is one of those cases in which the imagination is baffled by the facts" - Winston Churchill
"People ask you for criticism, but they only want praise" - Somerset Maugham
"We've heard that an infinite number of monkeys on an infinite number of keyboards will eventually create the great works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the Internet, we know that this is not true" - Robert Wilensky
"Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like and just give her a house" - Lewis Grizzard
"You may delay, but time will not" - Benjamin Franklin
"Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws" - Plato (427-347 BC)
"The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt" - Bertrand Russell
"Any man who afflicts the human race with ideas must be prepared to see them misunderstood" - H. L. Mencken
"The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of the blessings. The inherent blessing of socialism is the equal sharing of misery" - Winston Churchill
"Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States. Ask any Indian" - Robert Orben
"The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be" - Socrates (470-399 BC)
"It is not difficult to compose, but what is enormously hard is to leave the superfluous notes under the table" - Johannes Brahms (1833-1897)
"When did I realize I was God?  Well, I was praying and I suddenly realized I was talking to myself" - Peter O'Toole
"Give a man twenty dollars, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man how to make a twenty dollar bill, and he'll be fed for three to five years, with time off for good behaviour" - Mark Milan
"Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so" - Douglas Adams
"Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened" - Winston Churchill
"Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one getting burned" - Buddha (563-483 BC)
"The man who views the world at fifty the same as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life" - Muhammad Ali
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man" - George Bernard Shaw
"I would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too much liberty than to those attending too small a degree of it" - Thomas Jefferson
"There are two kinds of people: those who do the work and those who take the credit. Try to be in the first group - there is least competition there" - Indira Gandhi
"The art of taxation consists in so plucking the goose as to obtain the largest possible amount of feathers with the smallest possible amount of hissing" - Jean-Baptiste Colbert
"He ended the job as he began it; fired with enthusiasm" - Don O'Shaughnessy
"Accept the challenges, so you may feel the exhilaration of victory" - General George S. Patton
"Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together" - Van Gogh
"Never confuse motion with action" - Ernest Hemingway
"One only needs two tools in life: WD-40 to make things go, and duct tape to make them stop" - G. Weilacher
"Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art" - Tom Stoppard
"The best time to make friends is before you need them" - Ether Barrymore
"Laughter is the shortest distance between two friends" - Victor Borge
"A friend is someone with whom you dare to be yourself" - Frank Crane
"A true friend never gets in your way unless you are going down" - Arnold H. Glasgow
"A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold" - Ogden Nash (1902 - 1971)
"Being defeated is often only a temporary condition. Giving up is what makes it permanent" - Marilyn vos Savant  1946-
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail" -  Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Far away in the sunshine are my highest aspirations. I may not reach them, but I can look up and see the beauty, believe in them and try to follow where they lead" - Louisa May Alcott (1832-1888) American Writer
"All big things in this world are done by people who are naive and have an idea that is obviously impossible" - Dr. Frank Richards (1875-1961) English Writer
"I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand." - Confucius (Chinese Philosopher) 551-479 B.C.
"There are many ways to measure success; not the least of which is the way your child describes you when talking to a friend." - Unknown
"Always have a plan, and believe in it. Nothing happens by accident" - Chuck Knox
"A good plan is like a road map: it shows the final destination and usually the best way to get there" - H. Stanley Judd
"Thoroughness characterizes all successful men. Genius is the art of taking infinite pains. All great achievement has been characterized by extreme care, infinite painstaking, even to the minutest detail" - Elbert Hubbard
"Reduce your plan to writing. The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire" - Napoleon Hill
"Long-range planning works best in the short term" - Doug Evelyn
"Do not plan for ventures before finishing what's at hand" - Euripides
"Few people have any next, they live from hand to mouth without a plan, and are always at the end of their line" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It's not the plan that is important, it's the planning" - Graeme Edwards
"A plan is a list of actions arranged in whatever sequence is thought likely to achieve an objective" - John Argenti
"All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination" - Earl Nightingale
"Plans are nothing; planning is everything" - Dwight D. Eisenhower
"When planning for a year, plant corn. When planning for a decade, plant trees. When planning for life, train and educate people" - Chinese Proverb
"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail" - Benjamin Franklin
"Somewhere there is a map of how it can be done" - Ben Stein
"Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do something about it now" - Alan Lakein
"If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much" - Jim Rohn
"A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow" - George S. Patton
"Developing the plan is actually laying out the sequence of events that have to occur for you to achieve your goal" - George L. Morrisey
"The wise man bridges the gap by laying out the path by means of which he can get from where he is to where he wants to go" - John Pierpont Morgan
"Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently" - William A. Ward
"In the long run, men hit only what they aim at. Therefore, though they should fail immediately, they had better aim at something high" - Henry David Thoreau
"Setting a goal is not the main thing. It is deciding how you will go about achieving it and staying with that plan" - Tom Landry
"Always plan ahead. It wasn't raining when Noah built the ark" - Richard C. Cushing
"Plan your progress carefully; hour-by hour, day-by-day, month-by-month. Organized activity and maintained enthusiasm are the wellsprings of your power" - Paul J. Meyer
"Plan your work for today and every day, then work your plan" - Norman Vincent Peale
"Before beginning, plan carefully" - Marcus T. Cicero
"It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan" - Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you have accomplished all that you have planned for yourself, you have not planned enough" - Edward Everett Hale
"You can never plan the future by the past" - Edmund Burke
"A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner" - English proverb
"If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking" - Buddhist Proverb
"Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently" - Henry Ford (1863-1947)
"The world of achievement has always belonged to the optimist" - J. Harold Wilkins
"Nothing will ever be attempted, if all possible objections must first be overcome" - Samuel Johnson (1709-1784)
"No matter who says what, you should accept it with a smile and do your own work" - Mother Teresa (1910-1997)
"If I have ever made any valuable discoveries, it has been owing more to patient attention than to any other talent" - Isaac Newton (1642-1727)
"Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it." - Lou Holtz
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it" - Henry David Thoreau
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out." - Robert Collier
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful" - Albert Schweitzer
"Do a little more each day than you think you possibly can" - Lowell Thomas
"Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want" - Anthony Robbins
"Apathy can be overcome by enthusiasm, and enthusiasm can be aroused by two things: first, an idea which takes the imagination by storm; and second, a definite, intelligible plan for carrying that idea into action" - Arnold Toynbee (1889-1975)
"It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the ones most responsive to change" - Darwin
"There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self" - Aldous Huxley (1864-1963)
"If you want to be creative in your company, your career, your life, all it takes is one easy step...the extra one. When you encounter a familiar plan, you just ask one question: "What ELSE could we do?" - Dale Dauten
"Without tradition, art is a flock of sheep without a shepherd. Without innovation, it is a corpse" - Winston Churchill (1874 - 1965)
"The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge" - Daniel J. Boorstin (1914 - )
"Imagination is more important than knowledge... " - Albert Einstein (1879 - 1955)
"Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future" - Charles F. Kettering (1876 - 1958)
"Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and at last you create what you will" - George Bernard Shaw (1856 - 1950)
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined" - Henry David Thoreau (1817 - 1862)
"Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art" - Tom Stoppard (1937 - )
"There is nobody so irritating as somebody with less intelligence and more sense than we have" - Don Herold
"To repeat what others have said, requires education; to challenge it, requires brains" - Mary Pettibone Poole
"Don't tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results" - George S. Patton (1885 - 1945)
"In life, the first thing you must do is decide what you really want. Weigh the costs and the results. Are the results worthy of the costs? Then make up your mind completely and go after your goal with all your might" - Alfred A. Montapert
"Management is nothing more than motivating other people" - Lee Iacocca (1924 - )
"Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things" - Peter Drucker
"Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to work and deal with them" - Paul Hawken
"Management" means, in the last analysis, the substitution of thought for brawn and muscle, of knowledge for folklore and superstition, and of cooperation for force... - Peter F. Drucker
"The key to being a good manager is keeping the people who hate me away from those who are still undecided" - Casey Stengel (1890 - 1975)
"In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield" - Warren Buffett (1930 - )
"They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself" - Andy Warhol (1928 - 1987)
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man" - George Bernard Shaw (1856 - 1950)
"All progress is based upon a universal innate desire on the part of every organism to live beyond its income" - Samuel Butler (1835 - 1902)
"For you to be successful, sacrifices must be made. It's better that they are made by others but failing that, you'll have to make them yourself" - Rita Mae Brown
"Seventy percent of success in life is showing up" - Woody Allen (1935 - )
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary" - Vidal Sassoon
"There are two rules for success: 1) Never tell everything you know   " - Roger H. Lincoln
"The most successful businessman is the man who holds onto the old just as long as it is good, and grabs the new just as soon as it is better" - Robert P. Vanderpoel
"Successful people are very lucky. Just ask any failure" - Michael Levine
"Risk - If one has to jump a stream and knows how wide it is, he will not jump. If he doesn't know how wide it is, he'll jump and six times out of ten he'll make it" - Persian
"The greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising up every time we fall" - Confucius (551-479 BC)
"Where there's a will, there's a dead guy" - Jeneane Sessum
"The nice thing about reinventing the wheel is, there's so much prior art." - Jeff Winkler
"Almost is tragedy." - Dan Hughes
"If you give up the will to fight, you might lose. If you give up the will to live, you will die." - Cody McCaw
"Winning is always better than losing; that's why we call it 'winning'." - Craig Ewert
"Complacency is fallow; beauty blooms in adversity." - Shauna Woodard
"Better to set sail for India and discover America, than to never set sail at all." - Jeffrey Henning
"A good speech should be like a woman's skirt - short enough to keep your attention, but not so short that it wasn't worth bothering with in the first place." Tommy Kelsall
"If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door." Laurice del Carmen
"I don't know what I want to do with my life. But I'm gonna do it." Than Tibbets
"It takes a lot less cold water to make a hot bath cold than it takes hot water to make a cold bath hot." - Kevin McCallum
"I reserve the right to be wrong" - David Mitchell
"Cowardness is a sign of cleverness." Mr Magic
"That which we have not yet bothered to imagine is not therefore impossible." - AKMA
"No religion has a monopoly on stupidity, no matter how valiantly they may strive for it." - Marc Robinson
"I lack the strength of conviction and belief to be a decent atheist." - Miguel Living
I dont believe in anything but I wonder about everything" - David Mitchell
"Would one or all of the Gods protect me from those who are certain." - Derek Smith
"I've been given a luxury today many people in many parts of the world do not have: leftovers." - David Hopkins
"Sometimes you just have to throw your hands up in the air and say, 'He was dead when I got here'." - George Sessum
"Chap Stick makes my cigarettes wet. Not all of my cigarettes; only the ones I put in my mouth" - Steve Heck
"I may have no taste, but I like you." - Mike Reyher
"If Iwas told that I had two minutes left to live, I'd find a golfer to talk to because it would seem like forever." - Jeremy Thomas
"I would find it much easier to accept the right were right if they didn't make such a meal of it." - Derek Smith
"The youth of today are the moaners of tomorrow" Jay-Jay
"I'm very tolerant when it doesn't affect me." - Derek Smith
"If you don't know, make something up. It is better to be considered misinformed, than clueless." - David Douglas Drummond
"Sunday clothes can hide dirty underwear." - Tigger
"A skunk by any other name, still stinks the same." - Tigger
"If you cant beat them undermine them" - Christiaan Botha
"Open mouths should come with open minds" - Lady Amanda
"Before you get that tattoo, remember that the clothes you once would have died for you now wouldn't be seen dead in." - Derek Smith
"I like aphorisms, they give all the appearance of wisdom without any of that tedious thinking." - Derek Smith
""Learn to walk with kings but never lose the common touch" - Trent Adams
"The one thing experience has taught me is that I never learn from it" - Derek Smith
"God. Country. Family. The only way to know the former is to dissolve the second and expand the latter " - Ray Sweatman
"Exploring life is more fun than killing yourself"" - Marek Jastrzebski
"Do not adjust your mind, there is a fault in reality" - Robert Dunn
"If you are generous to the universe, the universe will be generous back" - Jeffrey Henning
"Sure, opposites attract. But one person being a man and the other a woman is about all the opposite most couples can handle" - Bob Perlman
"The glass isn't half full or half emtpy. It's twice as big as it needs to be" - Stuart McCann
"Dont take it from me or anyone else but you'll find it quite easy to be yourself" - Hotaru Tomoe
"If it hasn't been blogged, it didn't happen " - Joeri Cornille
"What I need is a job that doesn't interfere with my work" - Gary Lawrence Murphy
"If Shakespeare had been a weblogger, Romeo would find Juliet after she took poison and would have been so overcome with emotion he would have blogged about finding Juliet dead and would have taken so long that Juliet would have awoken and Romeo wouldn't have killed himself, and they would have married and had kids and his and her weblogs....and everything." - Shelley Powers
"I can read people's thoughts. They just need to write them down first" - Kevin Marks
"I quote others only the better to express myself" - Michel de Montaigne
"Why should I give my Readers bad lines of my own when good ones of other People's are so plenty?" - Benjamin Franklin
"Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced - even a proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it" - John Keats
"Misquotation is, in fact, the pride and privilege of the learned. A widely-read man never quotes accurately, for the rather obvious reason that he has read too widely." - Hesketh Pearson
"A witty saying proves nothing" -Voltaire
"We often feel that a clever aphorism captures a truth that would require pages to defend in any other way" - Stephen Pinker, "How The Mind Works"
"Favorite quotations are a way of crystallizing our thoughts and folding up our dreams and goals into easily portable units" - JA Fludd, "Quantum Comics"
"Be careful, with quotations you can damn anything" - Andr Malraux
"The bumper sticker... is secular America's Book of Proverbs" - John Shea
"Don't quote me; That's what you heard, not what I said" - Lawrence K. Frank
"I hate quotations" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Telling computer guys that they need to have permission to quote things is like having to tell little children about Death" - Ted Nelson
"Web pages are like babies : creation involves a level of enthusiasm that does not necessarily carry over into maintenance." - Joe Chew
"I've developed a new philosophy...only dread one day at a time" - Charlie Brown
"I might be in the basement. I'll go upstairs and check" - M. C. Escher
"Nobody can get the truth out of me because even I don't know what it is. I keep myself in a constant state of utter confusion" - Colonel Flagg
"There are no personal problems which cannot be solved through suitable application of high explosives" - Anon
"I don't even butter my bread; I consider that cooking" - Katherine Cebrian
"Whatever is not nailed down is mine. What I can pry loose is not nailed down" - Collis P. Huntingdon
"I don't think I'm alone when I say I'd like to see more and more planets fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system" - Deep Thoughts by Jack Handey
"It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man"  - Deep Thoughts by Jack Handey
"We tend to scoff at the beliefs of the ancients. But we can't scoff at them personally, to their faces, and this is what annoys me" - Deep Thoughts by Jack Handey
"If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is "Probably because of something you did."  - Deep Thoughts by Jack Handey
"If I ever get rich, I hope I'm not real mean to poor people, like I am now"  -  Jack Handey
"Sometimes I think you have to march right in and demand your rights, even if you don't know what your rights are, or who the person is you're talking to.  Then, on the way out, slam the door" -  Jack Handey
"I hope that after I die, people will say of me: 'That guy sure owed me a lot of money.'" -  Jack Handey
"If we could just get everyone to close their eyes and visualize world peace for an hour, imagine how serene and quiet it would be until the looting started"  - Anon
"When Arizona became a state in 1912, the first man it sent to the United States Senate was a loquacious cowboy called Henry Fountain Ashurst. In his first address to the Senate, Mr Ashurst boasted that Arizona was 'poised to become a veritable paradise.' Only two things were needed, he said: 'Water, and lots of good people'. According to legend, a senator from New England responded, 'If the gentleman from Arizona will forgive me, that's all they need in hell.'" - Seen in "The Economist"
"There are some situations from which one can only escape by acting like a devil or a lunatic"  - George Orwell
"Never play poker with a man called Doc. Never eat at a place called Mom's. Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own" - Algren's Law
"Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum videtur (anything said in Latin sounds profound)"  - Anon
"Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious"  - Peter Ustinov
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time - I think I've forgotten this before
"A man said to the Universe: "Sir, I exist!" "However," replied the Universe, "the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation." - Stephen Crane
"A neighbor came to Nasrudin, asking to borrow his donkey. "It is out on loan," the teacher replied. At that moment, the donkey brayed loudly inside the stable. "But I can hear it bray, over there." "Whom do you believe," asked Nasrudin, "me or a donkey?" - Unknown
"After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said, 'No hablo ingles.'" - Ronnie Shakes
"I am all in favour of spontaneity, providing it is carefully planned and ruthlessly controlled" - John Gielgud, "Forty Years On"
"I'm a Leo. Leos don't believe in this astrology stuff" - Tom Neff
"After an incident in Croydon involving a police van and a concrete mixer, police are looking for eighteen hardened criminals" - The Two Ronnies, BBC TV
"Any child can tell you that the sole purpose of a middle name is so he can tell when he's in trouble" - Dennis Fakes
"Grown-ups never understand anything by themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them" - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"Always carry a flagon of whiskey in case of snakebite and furthermore always carry a small snake" - W. C. Fields
"Men Wanted for Dangerous Expedition: Low Wages for Long Hours of Arduous Labour under Brutal Conditions; Months of Continual Darkness and Extreme Cold; Great Risk to Life and Limb from Disease, Accidents and Other Hazards; Small Chance of Fame in Case of Success" - Sir Ernest Shackleton, explorer
"Be wary of strong spirits. It can make you shoot at tax collectors ... and miss" - Robert A. Heinlein
"A Sobering Thought: What if, at this very moment, I am living up to my full potential? "
"It is a sobering thought, for example, that when Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years" - Tom Lehrer
"There will be a rain dance Friday night, weather permitting" - George Carlin
"When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam: I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me" - Woody Allen
"I wish I could think of a positive point to leave you with. Will you take two negative points?" - Woody Allen
"Nostalgia ain't what it used to be" - John Kim.
"To err is human, but it feels divine" - Mae West.
"Please, Lord, let me prove that winning the lottery won't spoil me" - Unknown
"I have an inferiority complex, but it isn't a very good one" - Anon
"Offering Dragons quarter is no good, they regrow all their parts and come on again. They have to be killed" - John Berryman
"Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines" - Bruce Graham
"We're our own dragons as well as our own heroes, and we have to rescue ourselves from ourselves" - Tom Robbins
"Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action" - Benjamin Disraeli
"I have learnt silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet strange, I am ungrateful to these teachers" - Kahlil Gibran
"The best way to persuade is with your ears" - Dean Rusk
"Ideals are like the stars: we never reach them, but like the mariners of the sea, we chart our course by them" - Carl Schurz
"We are usually undone by our lack of understanding of ourselves" - Julian Fellowes
"He who would pass his declining years with honor and comfort, should, when young, consider that he may one day become old, and remember when he is old, that he has once been young"  - Joseph Addison
"We should never use the truth to wound"  - Saint Augustine
"Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth" - Oscar Wilde
"A man is not obliged honestly to answer a question which should not properly be put" - Samuel Johnson
"If you are not being criticised, you may not be doing much"  - Donald Rumsfeld, US Secretary of Defence
"Take care that the face that looks out from the mirror in the morning is a pleasant face. You may not see it again during the day, but others will" - Anonymous
"Better keep yourself clear and bright; you are the window through which you must see the world" - George Bernard Shaw
"A man with his heart in his profession imagines and finds resources where the worthless and lazy despair" - Frederick the Great, advice to his Generals.
"In dreams begin responsibilities" - WB Yeats
"In all things we must consider the end" - Jean de la Fontaine, "Fables"
"To accuse others for one's misfortunes is a sign of want of education; to accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun; to accuse neither oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete" - Epictetus, "The Encheiridon"
"Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit" - EE Cummings
"To be human : to strive in the face of the certainty of failure" - Spider Robinson
"The purpose of life is a life of purpose"  - Robert Byrne
"Oh for a life of sensations rather than of thoughts" - John Keats
"How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and strong. Because someday in your life you will have been all of these" - George Washington Carver
"Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness, and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again" - Og Mandino
The answer to any question starting, "Why don't they-" is almost always, "Money." - Robert Heinlein, "Shooting Destination Moon"
"The darker the night, the brighter the stars." - Vasily Rozanov
"The first law of holes : When in one, stop digging." - Denis Healey
"The person who is slowest in making a promise is most faithful in its performance." - Jean Jacques Rousseau
"People do not want advice - they want corroboration." - John Steinbeck
"To be good is noble, but to teach others to be good is nobler - and less trouble" - Mark Twain
"The secret of good health and happiness is to have rather small illnesses throughout your life which you can rely on to stop you doing anything you don't want to do."  - John Mortimer
"It is always good to spend part of each day writing down your thoughts. That way you will not have to bother others with them." - Sir Randolph Nettleby, "The Shooting Party"
"Use what talent you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best" - Henry VanDyke
"Be humble, for the worst thing in the world is of the same stuff as you; be confident, for the stars are of the same stuff as you" - Nicholai Velimirovic
"Every man I meet is in some way my superior" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"We are all in the gutter but some of us are looking at the stars" - Oscar Wilde
"There is no king who has not had a slave among his ancestors, and no slave who has not had a king among his"  - Helen Keller
"If you wish to be loved, show more of your faults than your virtues" - Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton
"Seek your happiness in the happiness of all" - Zarathushtra
"You have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it" - George Bernard Shaw
"If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it" - W. C. Fields
"When you fall, never get up without gaining anything. Always find something on the way up. If there are only rocks, grasp one to throw in order to defend yourself" - Sameer
"Don't judge those who try and fail. Judge only those who fail to try" - H. Jackson Brown
"You shouldn't say it is not good. You should say, you do not like it; and then, you know, you're perfectly safe" - James Whistler
"The greatest of faults, I should say, is to be conscious of none" - Thomas Carlyle, On Heroes, Hero-Worship and the Heroic in History
"There is not one wise man in twenty that will praise himself" - William Shakespeare
"The longer I live, the more I see that I am never wrong about anything, and that all the pains I have so humbly taken to verify my notions have only wasted my time" - George Bernard Shaw
"When we hate our enemies, we are giving them power over us: power over our sleep, our appetites, our blood pressure, our health, and our happiness. Our enemies would dance with joy if only they knew how they were worrying us, lacerating us, and getting even with us! Our hate is not hurting them at all, but our hate is turning our own days and nights into a hellish turmoil" - Dale Carnegie
"Hate is the coward's revenge for being humiliated" - George Bernard Shaw
"He who fears he will suffer, already suffers from his fear" - Michel De Montaigne,"Essays" (1580)
"Some men see things as they are and ask why. Others dream things that never were and ask why not" - George Bernard Shaw
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world. The unreasonable man adapts the world to himself. All progress, therefore, depends upon the unreasonable man" - George Bernard Shaw
"Do not do unto others as you would that they should do unto you. Their tastes may not be the same" - George Bernard Shaw
"Those who dream by day are aware of many things which escape those who dream only by night" - Edgar Allen Poe
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world" - Gandhi
"Because your own strength is unequal to the task, do not assume that it is beyond the powers of man; but if anything is within the powers and province of man, believe that it is within your own compass also" - Marcus Aurelius
"Don't worry about things that you have no control over, because you have no control over them. Don't worry about things that you have control over, because you have control over them" - Mickey Rivers
"Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing" - Ben Franklin
"People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first" - David H. Comins
"It is the greatest ability to be able to conceal one's ability" - Duc de la Rochefoucauld
"An amateur practices until he gets it right. A professional practices until he never gets it wrong" - Anon
"To obtain a man's opinion of you, make him mad" - Oliver Wendell Holmes
"Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry" - Henry Ward Beecher
"Observe your enemies for they first find out your faults" - Antisthenes
"He that wrestles with us strengthens our nerves, and sharpens our skill. Our antagonist is our helper" - Edmund Burke
"Our enemies's opinion of us comes closer to the truth than our own" - Francois La Rochefoucauld
"Nothing is so dangerous as an ignorant friend; a wise enemy is worth more" - Jean de la Fontaine, "Fables"
"Look like the innocent flower, but be the serpent under it" - William Shakespeare, "Macbeth"
"The louder he talked of his honor the faster we counted our spoons" - R. W. Emerson, "The Conduct Of Life, VI" 1860
"I hope you're not pretending to be evil while secretly being good. That would be dishonest" - Unknown
"Never appeal to man's "better nature". He may not have one. (Invoking his self-interest gives you more leverage.)" - Robert Heinlein, "Time Enough For Love"
"The people I distrust most are those who want to improve our lives but have only one course of action" - Frank Herbert
"Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him" - Aldous Huxley
"Never trust a man who speaks well of everybody" - John Churton Collins
"We are so vain that we even care for the opinion of those we don't care for" - Marie Von Eschenbach
"I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself. A small bird will drop frozen dead from a bough without ever having felt sorry for itself" - DH Lawrence
"Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome."  - Booker T. Washington
"You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life" - Albert Camus
"Every man is rich or poor according to the proportion between his desires and his enjoyments" - Samuel Johnson
"Money doesn't make you happy, but it gives a zone of comfort around you" - Maeve Binchy
"The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power" - Abraham Lincoln
"Status Anxiety: A worry, so pernicious as to be capable of ruining extended stretches of our lives, that we are in danger of failing to conform to the ideals of success laid down by our society and that we may as a result be stripped of dignity and respect; a worry that we are currently occupying too modest a rung or are about to fall to a lower one" - Alain de Botton, "Status Anxiety"
"Whether they be old or young, rich or poor, high or low, wise or foolish, ignorant or learned, every individual is seen to be strongly actuated by a desire to be seen, heard, talked of, approved and respected... a passion for distinction" - John Adams
"If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error" - John Kenneth Galbraith
"Life owes us little; we owe it everything. The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose" - John Marm Brown
"Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so" - John Stuart Mill
"Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember" - Oscar Levant
"If only we stopped trying to be happy, we could have a pretty good time" - Edith Wharton
"I dread success. To have succeeded is to have finished one's business on earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment he has succeeded in his courtship. I like a state of continual becoming, with a goal in front and not behind" - George Bernard Shaw
"Work banishes those three great evils: boredom, vice and poverty." - Voltaire
"The grand essentials of life are something to do, something to love and something to hope for" - Joseph Addison
"Sensible people find nothing useless" - Jean de la Fontaine, "Fables"
"Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of ones values" - Ayn Rand
"Know that the people who are the richest are not those who have the most, but those who need the least" - Anon
"The mind is it's own place, and of itself can make a heaven of hell, and a hell of heaven" - John Milton, "Paradise Lost"
"Not in the clamour of the crowded street, Not in the shouts and plaudits of the throng, but in ourselves, are triumph and defeat" - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
"If all men were to bring their miseries together in one place, most would be glad to take his own home again rather than take a portion out of the common stock" - Solon
"The most unhappy of all men is he who believes himself to be so" - David Hume
"I must find a truth that is true for me" - Soren Kierkegaard
"To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive"  - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling"  - Margaret Lee Runbeck
"I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I intended to be" - Douglas Adams
"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away" - Philip K. Dick
"The most merciful thing in the world... is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents" - H.P. Lovecraft
"There are two tragedies in life. One is not to get your heart's desire. The other is to get it" - George Bernard Shaw
"Real pain can alone cure us of imaginary ills. We feel a thousand miseries till we are lucky enough to feel misery" - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
"Present fears are less than horrible imaginings" - Shakespeare, Macbeth
"Tis better to rule in Hell than to serve in Heaven" - John Milton, "Paradise Lost"
"Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with" -Bob Wells
"There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it" - Anon
"The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time" - Bertrand Russell
"Find a job that you love, and you will never work a day in your life" - Confucius
"Every man loves what he is good at" - Thomas Shadwell
"Your profession is not what brings home your paycheck. Your profession is what you were put on earth to do. With such passion and such intensity that it becomes spiritual in calling"  - Vincent Van Gogh.
"I can think of nothing more soul destroying in life than to persist in trying to do a thing you want desperately to do well, and to know that you are at the best second rate"  - Agatha Christie
"make lots of money", "enjoy the work", "operate within the law": choose 2 - Brian Anderson
"Money is like a sixth sense without which you cannot make a complete use of the other five" - W. Somerset Maugham, "Of Human Bondage"
"Money couldn't buy friends but you got a better class of enemy" - Spike Milligan, Puckoon
"If you want to feel rich, just count all of the things you have that money can't buy" - Anon
"The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money" - Unknown
"Success is the child of audacity" - Benjamin Disraeli
"Act boldly and unseen forces will come to your aid" - Dorothea Brande
"Fortune favours the prepared mind" - Louis Pasteur
"The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows" - Aristotle
"Winning is not everything - but making the effort to win is" -Vince Lombardi
"It is better to be defeated on principle than to win on lies" - Arthur Calwell
"In great attempts it is glorious even to fail" - Vince Lombardi, former Green Bay Packers head coach
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone." - Bill Cosby
"The only thing better than winning is losing knowing you gave your best" -Michael Ip
"It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose" -Darren Weinberg
"It isn't what they say about you, it's what they whisper" - Errol Flynn
"It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it" - Somerset Maugham
"You can only experience the thrill of victory if there is the possibility of defeat" - Dr. Kate Pulaski, Star Trek TNG : "Elementary Dear Data"
"The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet" - Damon Runyon
"Good sense alone is a sedate and quiescent quality, which manages its possessions well, but does not increase them; it collects few materials for its own operations, and preserves safety, but never gains supremacy" - Samuel Johnson
"Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality that guarantees all the others" - Sir Winston Churchill
"Heroism consists in hanging on one minute longer" - Norwegian proverb
"Only a true weakling is capable of true courage" - Funkakoshi
"Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear" - Ambrose Redmoon
"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear" - Mark Twain
"An utterly fearless man is a far more dangerous comrade than a coward" - Herman Melville, "Moby Dick"
In time of peril, like the needle to the lodestone, obedience, irrespective of rank, generally flies to him who is best fitted to command.
"Everybody needs his memories. They keep the wolf of insignificance from the door" - Saul Bellow
"Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing" - Clive James
"He who fights with monsters should look to it that he himself does not become a monster... when you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you." - Friedrich Nietzsche, "Beyond Good and Evil"
"Ten percent of the human race are always going to be boors or horrors. You can't make everybody nice." - Maureen Charlton
"All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed." - Sean O'Casey
"What we imagine is order is merely the prevailing form of chaos" - Kerry Thornley, Principia Discordia, 5th edition
"If a man hasn't found anything worth dying for, he hasn't anything worth living for" - Dr. Martin Luther King
"There is but one truly serious philosophical problem, and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy" - Albert Camus, "The Myth of Sisyphus"
"Love, friendship, respect, do not unite people as much as a common hatred of something" - Anton Chekhov, "Notebooks"
"In every age the wisest have passed the identical judgment on life: it is worthless..."  - Nietzsche, opening words to "Twilight of the Idols"
"If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads" - Anatole France
"Although human life is priceless, we always act as if something had an even greater price than life. But what is that something?" - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it" - Oscar Wilde, "The Portrait of Mr. W.H."
"Imagination is a quality given a man to compensate him for what he is not, and a sense of humor was provided to console him for what he is" - Oscar Wilde
"The human race is a race of cowards; and I am not only marching in that procession but carrying a banner" - Mark Twain
"There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered" - Nelson Mandela
"Like all great travellers, I have seen more than I remember, and remember more than I have seen" - Benjamin Disraeli
"Two often mentioned motivations for travels are to see another world and to disappear. In that sense, a journey in the footsteps of someone who disappeared in search of another world was the perfect journey" - Nicholas Jubber, "The Prester Quest"
"Oh would some power the giftee give us to see ourselves as others see us?" - Robert Burns
"I have ever hated all nations, professions and communities, and all my love is toward individuals... principally I hate and detest that animal called man, although I heartily love John, Peter, Thomas and so forth" - Jonathan Swift
"The sympathies of a well-adjusted person can easily be aroused by the plight of strangers. Indeed, the skillful writer of a novel, a play, or an opera can engage our emotions on behalf of people who are not only strangers to us, but who do not even exist! And a person whose emotions cannot be so aroused is not behaving normally" - John Derbyshire
"One of the oldest human needs is having someone to wonder where you are when you don't come home at night" - Margaret Mead
"The people you care about you never really say goodbye to." - MTV's "The Real World"
"Oh the tangled webs we weave when we practice to deceive" - Sir Walter Scott
"Please don't lie to me, unless you're absolutely sure I'll never find out the truth" - Ashleigh Brilliant
"A good lie will have travled half way around the world while the truth is putting on her boots" - Mark Twain
"Always tell the truth; then you don't have to remember anything" - Mark Twain
"No character, however upright, is a match for constantly reiterated attacks, however false" - Alexander Hamilton
"It is double the pleasure to deceive the deceiver" - Jean de la Fontaine, "Fables"
"Basically, I have this theory that there are five kinds of truth. There is the truth you tell to casual strangers and acquaintances. There is the truth you tell to your general circle of friends and family members. There is the truth you tell to only one or two people in your entire life. There is the truth you tell to yourself. And finally, there is the truth that you do not admit even to yourself" - JMS's Theory Of The Five Truths
"Men seldom give pleasure where they are not pleased themselves" - Samuel Johnson
"I drink to make other people interesting" - George Jean Nathan
"We are always bored by those whom we bore" - Unknown
"Bore : A fellow who can change the subject back to his topic of conversation faster than you can change it back to yours" - Laurence Peter
"I reckon being ill as one of the great pleasures of life, provided one is not too ill and is not obliged to work till one is better" - Samuel Butler
"From the earliest times the old have rubbed it into the young that they are wiser than they, and before the young had discovered what nonsense this was they were old too, and it profited them to carry on the imposture" - W. Somerset Maughan
"Families with babies and families without babies are sorry for each other" - EW Howe
"Having a family is like having a bowling alley installed in your head" - Martin Mull
"By the time a man realises that his father was usually right, he has a son who thinks he's usually wrong" - Anonymous
"Childhood : The time of life when one makes faces in a mirror. Middle age is when the mirror gets even" - Mickey Mansfield
"Your son at five is your master, at ten your slave, at fifteen your double, and after that, your friend or foe, depending on his bringing up" - Hasdai Ibn Shaprut, (900AD)
"It takes a child to teach an adult how to be a parent" - Unknown
"My mother protected me from the world and my father threatened me with it" - Quentin Crisp
"There is no better antidote to snobbery and racism than genealogy" - Leader from "The Telegraph"
"It is well, when judging a friend, to remember that he is judging you with the same godlike and superior impartiality" - Arnold Bennett
"True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable" - Dave Tyson Gentry
"What is a friend? I will tell you . . . it is someone with whom you dare to be yourself" - Frank Crane
"Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art...It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival" - C.S. Lewis
"If you can't return a favor, pass it on" - Louise Brown
"A friend is someone, who upon seeing another friend in immense pain, would rather be the one experiencing the pain than to have to watch their friend suffer" - Amanda Grier
"The proper office of a friend is to side with you when you are in the wrong. Nearly anybody will side with you when you are in the right" - Mark Twain
"Nine-tenths of the people were created so you would want to be with the other tenth" - Horace Walpole
"A common man marvels at uncommon things; a wise man marvels at the commonplace" - Confucius
"As long as men are free to ask what they must; free to say what they think; free to think what they will; freedom can never be lost and science can never regress" - J. Robert Oppenheimer
"There are three great themes in science in the twentieth century : the atom, the computer, and the gene" - Harold Varmus, Director, US National Institute of Health
"Philosophy is a game with objectives and no rules. Mathematics is a game with rules and no objectives" - Anonymous
"Mathematics may humbly help in the market-place, but it also reaches to the stars" - Herbert Westren Turnbull
"Mahematics is the language in which God has written the universe" - Galileo
"The great tragedy of Science : the slaying of a beautiful hypothesis by an ugly fact" - Thomas Huxley
"Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is not necessarily science"- Henri Poincaire
"Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater" - Albert Einstein.
"The brain is a three pound mass you can hold in your hand that can conceive of a universe a hundred billion light-years across" - Marian C. Diamond
"Quantum Mechanics: The dreams stuff is made of" - Stephen Wright.
"In science, it doesn't matter if you're wrong, as long as you're not stupid. In business, it doesn't matter if you're stupid, so long as you're not wrong" - Unknown
"In the design of fission reactors man was not an innovator but an unwitting imitator of nature" - George A. Cowan, "A Natural Fission Reactor"
"For a successful technology, reality must take precedence over public relations, for Nature cannot be fooled" - Richard P. Feynman
"The simplest schoolboy is now familiar with truths for which Archimedes would have sacrificed his life" - Ernest Renan (1823-92), French philosopher and theologian
"The real goal of physics is to come up with an equation that could explain the universe but still be small enough to fit on a T-shirt" - Leon Lederman
"It is not possible to be ignorant of the end of things if we know their beginning" - Thomas Aquinas, "Summa Theologica",
"In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe" - Carl Sagan
"Demon mean knowledge in Greek, especially about the material world. Science means knowledge in Latin. A jurisdictional dispute is exposed, even if we look no further" - Carl Sagan, "The Demon Haunted World", p.110
"We live in the most probable of all possible worlds" - Stephen Hawking, paraphrasing Pangloss
"So long as the universe had a beginning, we could suppose it had a creator. But if the universe is really completely self-contained, having no boundary or edge, it would have neither beginning nor end: it would simply be. What place, then, for a creator?" - Stephen Hawking, "A Brief History of Time"
"Anyone who is not shocked by quantum theory does not understand it" - Niels Bohr
"There are no physicists in the hottest parts of hell, because the existence of a "hottest part" implies a temperature difference, and any marginally competent physicist would immediately use this to run a heat engine and make some other part of hell comfortably cool. This is obviously impossible" - Richard Davisson
"All cats die. Socrates is dead. Therefore Socrates is a cat" - Eugene Ionesco, Rhinoceros
"There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics" - Benjamin Disraeli
"We demand guaranteed rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty" - Douglas Adams
"If God had meant for us to use the metric system, we would have been born with ten fingers and ten toes" - Anon
"A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of" - Jane Austen.
"The greatest truths are the simplest, and so are the greatest men" - Joseph Howe.
"Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens" - Jimi Hendrix
"Men did not love Rome because she was great. She was great because they loved her" - G. K. Chesterton, 1908.
"Please ensure that you remove clothing before ironing" - instruction on iron packaging.
"I feel sorry for people who don't drink, because when they wake up in the morning that's as good as they're going to feel for the rest of the day" - Frank Sinatra
"Knowledge is like a deep well. However, it takes a wise man to draw from it" - Solomon.
"There are three kinds of people in this world. Those who can count and those who can't" - Warren Buffet.
"Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys" - P. J. O'Rourke
"Be nice to people on your way up. You'll probably meet them on your way down" - unknown.
"Life is a tale told by an idiot" - Shakespeare.
"I can resist everything except temptation" - Oscar Wilde.
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the universe" - Einstein
"A woman drove me to drink and I never had the courtesy of thanking her" - WC Fields
"In the land of the blind, the one eyed man is king." Kipling
"If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something" - Steven Wright
"Copulation equals Population equals Pollution" - Spike Milligan
"It is unfortunate that the people who know best how to run the country are too busy cutting hair and driving cabs" - George Burns
"Reality leaves a lot to the imagination" - John Lennon
"If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion" - George Bernard Shaw
"Man is the only animal that blushes - or needs to" - Mark Twain
"Learn from the mistakes of others. You can't live long enough to make them all yourself" - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Show me a hero and I'll write you a tragedy" - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Rome did not create a great empire by having meetings...they did it by killing all those who opposed them" - Bet mulligan, USA
"It is indeed a strange illusion that beauty suggests goodness" - Tolstoy
"If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. This is the principle difference between a man and a dog" - Mark Twain
"Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought." - Henri Bergson.
"It is better to be on the ground wishing you were flying, rather than up in the air wishing you were on the ground" - Aviation proverb.
"If we desire respect for the law, we must first make the law respectable. " Louis D. Brandeis
"Political correction is the language of cowardice" - Billy Connolly
"Tis better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open your mouth and remove all doubt." - Mark Twain
"If you want to know God's opinion of money, look at who he gave it to" - Brendan Behan
"Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds" - Albert Einstein.
"Failure to prepare is preparation for failure" - Robert E. Lee
"Time flies like an arrow but fruit flies like a banana" - Groucho Marx.
"The gates of paradise are at the feet of your mother" - A Muslim saying
"Justice that love gives is a surrender, justice that law gives is a punishment" - Mahatma Gandhi
"A pupil from whom nothing is ever demanded which he cannot do, never does all he can." - J. S. Mill
"Ah, but a man s reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?" - Browning
"The art of prophesy is very difficult - especially with respect to the future" - Mark Twain
"Unused power slips imperceptibly into the hands of another" - Konrad Heiden, 1901 - 1975, German author
"The habit of common and continuous speech is a symptom of mental deficiency. It proceeds from not knowing what is going on in other people's minds" - Walter Bagehot
"Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known" - Carl Sagan.
"We have no money. Therefore, we must think" - Rutherford
"The road to success is always under construction" - American bumper sticker
"One must learn by doing the thing, for though you think you know it, you have no certainty until you try" - Sophocles, 500 B.C.
"There is a certain point beyond which all researches serve no other purpose than merely to delight an inquisitive mind. Those ingenious and useless truths may be compared to stars which, being placed at too great a distance, cannot afford us the least light" - Voltaire
"The rational mind has ruined the world" - Ismail Serageldin, Stockholm, August 1999
"The greatest thing in life is to die young - but to delay it as long as possible!" - Isaac Stern
"Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week" - George Bernard Shaw
"Intuition isn't mystical. It's sort of a background sense of how things should work. It's facts hidden in the brain" Dr James Watson, co-discoverer of the DNA double helix
"Keep quite, unless your talking is better than silence" - Dionysius
"It is the customary fate of new truths to begin as heresies and to end as superstitions" T. H. Huxley (1825-95)
"Irrationally held truths may be more harmful than well-reasoned errors" - T. H. Huxley (1825-95)
"When you have problems and failure, don't panic, rise and do something. I have had many rises and falls in my career. A person who cannot take the blows will never succeed" - Mikhail Gorbachev
"Most conversations are monologues carried on in the presence of a witness" - Anonymous
"Every exit is an entrance somewhere" - Tom Stoppard
"The price of leadership is loneliness" - Michael Aum
"Leaders should be suspicious of followers who never find fault with them" - Michael Aum
"The world is a looking-glass and gives back to every person a reflection of his own thoughts, beliefs and enthusiasm" - Cavett Robert(1907-1997)
"The more extensive a man's knowledge of what has been done, the greater will be his chance of knowing what to do" - Benjamin Disraeli
"Success breeds complacency. Complacency breeds failure. Only the paranoid survive" - Andy Grove, chairman of Intel
"You have to pretend you're 100 percent sure" - Andy Grove, chairman of Intel
"One day you're a hero, the next day you're gone" - Evel Knievel
"Humour is emotional chaos remembered in tranquillity" - James Thurber
"Wit is cultured insolence" - Aristotle
"Do not take life too seriously - you will never get out of it alive" - E Kin Hubbard
"The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do" - WalterBagehot
"You grow up the day you have your first real laugh - at yourself" - Ethel Barrymore
"We spend most of our lives working. So why do so few people have a good time doing it?" - Richard Branson
"Running a company on market research is like driving while looking in the rear window" - Anita Roddick
"After the idea, there is plenty of time to learn the technology" - James Dyson
"Be fearful when others are greedy, and greedy only when others are fearful" - Warren Buffett
"In order to achieve anything, you must be brave enough to fail" - Kirk Douglas
"Beware of false knowledge - it is more dangerous than ignorance" - George Bernard Shaw
"Nothing is more demotivating than being told to do what you were going to do anyway by someone whose opinion you have little reason to respect. Almost as bad is praise from someone whose opinion you do not trust"  - Paul R Holmes
"People can alter their lives by altering their attitudes" - William James, American novelist
"Let your deeds match your creeds" - Anonymous
"What lies behind us and what lies before are tiny matters compared to what lies within us" Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Little minds are tamed by misfortunes but great minds rise above them" - Washington Irving
"There is only one corner of the universe where you can be certain of improving, and that your own self" - Aldous Huxley
"Leaders aren't threatened by others who have the strengths they lack" - Peter Drucker
"The most powerful force in the world is knowing someone believes in you, because you don't want to disappoint them" - Cavett Robert
"The block of granite that is an obstacle in the path of the weak, becomes a stepping stone, in the path of the strong" - Thomas Carlyle
"The first step in the evolution of ethics is a sense of solidarity with other human beings" - Albert Schweitzer
"There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist" - Mark Twain
"I never have a humble opinion. If you have an opinion, why be humble about it?" - Joan Baez, in an interview with David Frost, 7/3/4
"We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience" -Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
"We must not cease from exploration. And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we began and to know the place for the first time" - Thomas Stearnes Elliot
"Leadership has a harder job to do than just choose sides. It must bring sides together" - Jesse Jackson 1941-
"Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm" - Publilius Syrus ~100 BC
"Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people" - William Butler Yeats 1865 - 1939
"Becoming a successful leader of men and women in a turbulent business world requires maturity and wisdom. Happily, there is no degree programme for those" - The Economist, 19 February 2005
"It's good to procrastinate, then you always have a lot of things to do" - Wen Bin Lim - Toastmaster, Spa Speakers
"Failure is nothing more than a few errors in judgment repeated every day; Success is just the opposite: a few simple disciplines practiced every day" - Ralph Marston
"Stop fighting the battles that are already over" - unknown
"When there is no reason to smile is when a smile is needed the most" - Ralph Marston
"Intelligence is not a privilege, it is a gift that should be use for the benefits of mankind" - Spiderman 2
"The early bird may catch the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese" - Sanskrit Proverb
"Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards" - Soren Aabye Kierkegaard
"Don't lower your expectations to meet your performance. Raise your level of performance to meet your expectations" - Ralph Marston
"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moment of convenience, but where he stands in moment of challenge, moment of great crisis and controversy" - Martin King Luther (the autobiography)
"We will tolerate mistakes but we will never tolerate lack of integrity" - Keith R Whitson Group Chief Executive, HSBC Holdings plc
"One man scorned and covered with scars still strove with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable stars; and the world will be better for this" - Joe Darion, "The Impossible Dream"
"Your strength comes from the people you lead" - Apprentice (US version)
"By nature we have no defect that could not become a strength, no strength that could not become a defect" - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The amazing thing about the human brain is the way that it starts working as soon as you are born and stops the minute you are called to speak in public" (Sydney Smith)
"Bright is the ring of words, when the right man rings them"  - R L Stevenson
"I am a Bear of Very Little Brain and long words bother me" - A A Milne
"Words are also actions and actions are a kind of words" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Proper words in proper places, make the true definition in style" - Jonathan Swift
"Men of few words are the best men" - William Shakespeare
"To jaw jaw is better than to war war" - Winston Churchill
"If you want a half hour speech, I can do it tomorrow. If you want a ten minute speech, you'll have to wait till next week" - Attributed to F D Roosevelt
"Last words are for fools who haven"t said enough" - Karl Marx
"Said the Master: 'Which of you knows the fragrance of a rose?' All his disciples knew. Said the Master: 'Put it into words' All were silent"- Anthony de Mello
"An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows" - Dwight D. Eisenhower
"Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use" - Wendell Johnson
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends" - Martin Luther King
"The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause" - Mark Twain
"One picture is worth a thousand words" - Fred R Barnard
"Speak properly, and in as few words as you can, but always plainly; for the end of speech is not ostentation, but to be understood" - William Penn
"One kind word can warm three winter months" - Japanese proverb
"The body says what words cannot" - Martha Graham
"The best of us must sometimes eat our words" - J K Rowling
"Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled" - Horace
"A word to the wise is enough" - Titus Plautus
"Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless" - Mother Teresa
"Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate" - John F Kennedy
"Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind" - Rudyard Kipling
"The highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them" - John F Kennedy
"Poetry is an orphan of silence. The words never quite equal the experience behind them" - Charles Simic
"There is a wonder in reading Braille that the sighted will never know: to touch words and have them touch you back" - Jim Fiebig
"Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after" - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"Men and women belong to different species, and communication between them is a science still in its infancy" - Bill Cosby
"What spirit is so empty and blind, that it cannot recognize the fact that the foot is more noble than the shoe, and skin more beautiful than the garment with which it is clothed?" - Michaelangelo  (1475 -1564)
"Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great" - Mark Twain (1835 - 1910)
"You always pass failure on the way to success" - Mickey Rooney
"Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat" - Theodore Roosevelt (1858 - 1919)
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up" - Thomas A. Edison (1847 - 1931)
"Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm" - Sir Winston Churchill (1874 - 1965)
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety" - Benjamin Franklin, 1759
"To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world" - Source Unknown
"Injustice is relatively easy to bear; what stings is justice." - H.L. Mencken
"By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth." -George Carlin
"It is not the size of the dog in the fight, it is the size of the fight in the dog!" - Anonymous
"An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered. An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered." -G.K. Chesterton
"If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you." - Francis Roberts
"Speak in anger and you'll give the greatest speech you'll ever regret." - Anonymous
"It is useless for sheep to pass a resolution in favor of vegetarianism while wolves remain of a different opinion." - William Randolph Inge
"Vegetarian is an old Indian word meaning "bad hunter." - Anonymous
"Opinions are like armpits: Everybody has two of them and they stink most of the time." - Anonymous
"Patience is the companion of wisdom." -Anonymous
"So long as you rob Peter to pay Paul, you'll have Paul's support." - Anonymous
"Life is an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep." - Carl Sandburg
"Do first what you dread the most." - Anonymous
"Wherever you are - be there." - Anonymous
"Champions aren't made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside of them - a desire, a dream, a vision. They have last-minute stamina, they have to be a little faster, they have to have the skill, and the will. But the will must be stronger than the skill."   - Muhammad Ali
"The degree of one's emotion varies inversely with one's knowledge of the facts - the less you know the hotter you get."  - Bertrand Russell
"If you aren't living on the edge, then you are taking up too much space." - Anonymous
"Without books the development of civilization would have been impossible. They are the engines of change, windows of the world, lighthouses erect in the sea of time. They are companions, teachers, magicians, bankers of the treasures of the mind. Books are humanity in print."    - Barbara Tuchman
"The cynic is his own worst enemy. It requires far less skill to run a wrecking company than it does to be an architect."  - U.S. Andersen
"Resentment is like taking poison and hoping the other person dies."  - St. Augustine
"Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time."   - Goethe
"If we find a man of rare intellect, we should ask him what books he reads."  - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Creativity is the sudden cessation of stupidity."  - Dr. E. Land
"Progress depends on people knowing they'll be able to profit from their ideas."  - Deborah Neville
"To educate a person in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Encouragement is like a premium gasoline - it helps to take knocks out of living."  - Anonymous
"The easiest thing to find is fault."  - Anonymous
"Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself."  - Anonymous
"If you want to be miserable, think about yourself, about what you want, what you like, what respect people ought to pay you and what people think of you."  - Charles Kingsley
"Show me a thoroughly satisfied man, and I will show you a failure."  - Thomas Edison
"A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices." - William James
"Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is a permanent attitude." - Dr. Martin Luther King
"Act as if it were impossible to fail."  - Dorothea Brande
"You cannot build a reputation on what you intend to do."  - Liz Smith
"Smooth seas do not make for a skillful sailor." - African Proverb
"The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything. They just make the best of everything." -Anonymous
"If you really want to do something, you will find a way. If you don't, you will find an excuse." -Anonymous
"The thing I hate about an argument is that it always interrupts a good discussion."  - G.K. Chesterton
"Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants." - Epicurus, ancient Greek philosopher
"Virtue has never been as respectable as money." -Mark Twain, 19th-century American humorist, author and journalist
"God looks at the clean hands, not the full ones." -Publilius Syrus
"It's not how much you have that makes people look up to you, it's who you are."-Elvis Presley, celebrity singer
"Sharing money is what gives it its value."  -Elvis Presley, singer
"The quest for riches darkens the sense of right and wrong." - Antiphanes, ancient Greek dramatist
"For greed, all nature is too little." - Seneca, Roman statesman and author
"Goodness is the only investment that never fails." - Henry David Thoreau, 19th-century American essayist and nature writer
"The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true." - James Clabell in 1926
"I do not agree with a word that you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it." - Voltaire
"No one can be free who does not work for the freedom of others." - Anonymous
"You have freedom of choice, but not freedom from choice." - Wendell Jones
"False freedom leaves a man free to do what he likes; true freedom, to do what he ought." - Anonymous
"If your number one goal is to make sure that everyone likes and approves of you, then you risk sacrificing your uniqueness and, therefore, your excellence."   -Anonymous
"I detest the man who hides one thing in the depths of his heart and speaks forth another."  - Homer
"It is better to suffer wrong than to do it, and happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust." - Samuel Johnson
"Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest."  - Mark Twain
"A lie sprints. but truth has endurance."  - Anonymous
"When you do not listen to your conscience it's because you do not want advice from a stranger." - Anonymous
"Many people know so little about what is beyond their short range of experience. They look within themselves and find nothing! Therefore they conclude that there is nothing outside themselves either." -  Helen Keller
"Until the great mass of the people shall be filled with the sense of responsibility for each others welfare, social justice can never be attained."  -  Helen Keller
"Better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness."  - Chinese Proverb
"We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy is when men are afraid of the light." - Plato
"The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth." -  Pierre Abelard
"When in doubt, tell the truth." -  Mark Twain
"Anyone who conducts an argument by appealing to authority is not using his intelligence; he is just using his memory." -  Leonardo Da Vinci
"There is nothing to fear except the persistent refusal to find out the truth, the persistent refusal to analyze the causes of happenings." -  Dorothy Thompson
"Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth." -  Benjamin Disraeli
"When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion."  -Ethiopian Proverb
"Whoever gossips to you will gossip of you."  - Spanish Proverb
"As a matter of cosmic history, it has always been easier to destroy than to create." - Mr. Spock, Star Trek 2
"The wise speak only of what they know." - Gandalf, Lord of the Rings
"Resentment is like taking poison and hoping the other person dies." - - St. Augustine
"Time may be a great healer, but it's a lousy beautician." - Anonymous
"Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark, professionals built the Titanic." - Anonymous
"There will always be death and taxes; however, death doesn't get worse every year." - Anonymous
"In just two days, tomorrow will be yesterday." - Anonymous
"The real art of conversation is not only to say the right thing at the right time, but also to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the tempting moment." - Anonymous
"Brain cells come and brain cells go, but fat cells live forever." - Anonymous
"If there is a rumor in the air about you, you'd better treat it as you would a wasp: either ignore it or kill it with the first blow. Anything else will just stir it up." - James Thom
"If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself." - Albert Einstein
"Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense." -Anonymous
"I am not young enough to know everything." -Oscar Wilde
"Courage is found in action. It has to be learned - and earned."  - Doug Hall
"Courage is more exhilarating than fear, and in the long run, it is easier."  - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Wise people talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something." - Plato
"The definition of a gaffe is when a politician tells the truth." - Mike Kinsley
"He who praises himself has a congregation of one". - Jewish proverb.
"People will do better, when they know better".  - Anonymous
"Everyone is ignorant, only on different subjects" -Will Rogers
"A critic is someone who knows the way, but can't drive the car." -Anonymous
"Age is not important unless you're a cheese." - Helen Hayes
"Heads that are filled with wisdom have little space left for conceit." - Anonymous
"Let us so live life that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry." - Mark Twain
"When were the good and the brave ever in a majority?" - Henry David Thoreau
"You are where you are today because you stand on somebody's shoulders. And wherever you are heading, you cannot get there by yourself. If you stand on the shoulders of others, you have a reciprocal responsibility to live your life so that others may stand on your shoulders. It's the quid pro quo of life. We exist temporarily through what we take, but we live forever through what we give"  - Vernon Jordan, in a speech at Howard University, 2002.
"Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, support any friend, oppose any for to assure the survival and the success of liberty." - John F. Kennedy
"Nothing is more desirable than to be released from an affliction, but nothing is more frightening than to be divested of a crutch." - James Baldwin
"Experience is the worst teacher; it gives the test before presenting the lesson." - Vernon Law
"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy." - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"What does not destroy me, makes me strong." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." - Anais Nin
"I try to take one day at a time, but sometimes several days attack me at once." - Ashleigh Brilliant
"Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. And don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines." - Satchel Paige
"Tis the mind that makes the body rich."  - William Shakespeare
"Start by doing what is necessary, then do what is possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible" - St. Francis of Assis
"Appreciation is a wonderful thing. It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well." - Voltaire
"The vote is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for breaking down injustice and destroying the terrible walls which imprison men because they are different from other men." - Lyndon B Johnson
"The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn." - David Russell
"Blessed are the young for they shall inherit the national debt." - Herbert Hoover
"Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured" - Mark Twain
"Life is short, God's way of encouraging a bit of focus." -Robert Brault
"Don't be fooled by the calendar.  There are only as many days in the year as you make use of." - Charles Richards
"Enjoy yourself.  It's later than you think." - Chinese Proverb
"Live every day as if it were your last and then some day you'll be right." - H.H. "Breaker" Morant
"Go for it now.  The future is promised to no one." - Wayne Dyer
"Every man dies.  Not every man really lives." - Braveheart
"Do not take life too seriously.  You will never get out of it alive." - Elbert Hubbard
"As you grow older, you'll find the only things you regret are the things you didn't do." - Zachary Scott
"Spend the afternoon.  You can't take it with you." - Annie Dillard
"Dream as if you'll live forever.  Live as if you'll die today" - James Dean
"As if you could kill time without injuring eternity" -Henry David Thoreau
"And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count.  It's the life in your years" - Abraham Lincoln
"There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval" - George Santayana
"Be happy while you're living, for you're a long time dead" - Scottish Proverb
"There are a million ways to lose a work day, but not even a single way to get one back" - Tom DeMarco and Timothy Lister
"To change one's life:  Start immediately.  Do it flamboyantly.  No exceptions". - William James
"You will never find time for anything.  If you want time you must make it" - Charles Buxton
"Men for the sake of getting a living forget to live" - Margaret Fuller
"Death twitches my ear.  "Live," he says, "I am coming." - Virgil
"We cannot waste time.  We can only waste ourselves" - George M. Adams
"Each day is an opportunity to travel back into tomorrow's past and change it" - Robert Brault
"Whether it's the best of times or the worst of times, it's the only time we've got" - Art Buchwald
"If you woke up breathing, congratulations!  You have another chance" - Andrea Boydston
"What would be the use of immortality to a person who cannot use well a half an hour" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time" - Johann von Goethe
"If you believe in forever, then life is just a one-night stand" - Righteous Brothers, "Rock & Roll Heaven"
"The future has a way of arriving unannounced" - George F. Will
"Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils" - Hector Berlioz
"You don't get to choose how you're going to die.  Or when.  You can only decide how you're going to live.  Now." - Joan Baez
"You only live once; but if you live it right, once is enough" - Adam Marshall
"Don't ever save anything for a special occasion.  Being alive is the special occasion" - Unknown
"Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing." - Robert Benchley
"Producing an agenda is a clerical task that adds no value to the members. To get the 'E' in VPE you need better tools than just that." - Malcolm Warden

